feat: Option to disable RAND engine override (#5108)
aws/s2n-tls: docs/BUILD.md

cmake . -LH
```

### RAND engine override

> 

Reviewer: We expect this to be a niche use case. Let's not put it higher up than building with specific libcryptos.

It might need to go lower than other topics as well.

The motivation for this behavior is twofold:
1. Ensure that s2n-tls usage is safe when linked to a libcrypto with known issues in its random implementation, such as OpenSSL 1.0.2. See https://wiki.openssl.org/index.php/Random_fork-safety for details.
2. Ensure that s2n-tls usage is safe when used in snapshot environments. Some applications, such as [Lambda SnapStart](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/snapstart.html), take a snapshot of the memory and disk state, and later restore this state to a virtual machine. Precautions must be taken when running inside a restored snapshot environment to ensure that randomly generated data remains unique between restored snapshots. See the Lambda SnapStart documentation for details: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/snapstart-uniqueness.html

When both of the above concerns are known to be mitigated in the linked libcrypto's random implementation, s2n-tls will not override the libcrypto's implementation, as is the case for AWS-LC.

> The s2n-tls RAND engine may conflict with some environments that use the same libcrypto as s2n-tls, if, for example, the environment has certain requirements for the libcrypto RAND engine that the s2n-tls implementation doesn't provide, or if the environment implements its own RAND engine. In this case, consider enabling libcrypto interning with the `S2N_INTERN_LIBCRYPTO` CMake option, which will build s2n-tls with its own libcrypto that's isolated from the rest of the environment.
> 

Reviewer: I'd simplify this long sentence a bit :sweat_smile: 
```suggestion
The s2n-tls RAND engine may conflict with some environments that use the same libcrypto as s2n-tls. For example, other applications or libraries may have certain requirements for the libcrypto RAND engine that the s2n-tls implementation doesn't provide. Other applications or libraries might also need to implement their own custom RAND engines. If the s2n-tls RAND engine conflicts with your environment, consider enabling libcrypto interning with the `S2N_INTERN_LIBCRYPTO` CMake option, which will build s2n-tls with its own copy of the libcrypto that's isolated from the rest of the environment.

```

> If the s2n-tls RAND engine conflicts with your environment and enabling libcrypto interning is not a viable option, s2n-tls can be forced to disable overriding the RAND engine by setting the `S2N_OVERRIDE_LIBCRYPTO_RAND_ENGINE` CMake flag to false when building s2n-tls. This is not recommended unless both of concerns described above are confirmed to be inapplicable to your use case.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the s2n-tls RAND engine conflicts with your environment and enabling libcrypto interning is not a viable option, s2n-tls can be forced to disable overriding the RAND engine by setting the `S2N_OVERRIDE_LIBCRYPTO_RAND_ENGINE` CMake flag to false when building s2n-tls. This is not recommended unless both of the concerns described above are confirmed to be inapplicable to your use case.

```
